


one thing that i have realised is that. i am not that good when it comes to attention and i am strugling with that. its not helping me honestly

https://www.linkedin.com/posts/ankur-solanki_ankursays-pillup-ankursolanki-activity-7415372823981907968-hVZd?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_desktop&rcm=ACoAADRmXJ4BdVuIRZlUjd9LMMzGnvppR2pBjJE

this is a post that really helped me understand. 

i have realised that my attention span is very less and that most of the things around me are just removing my attention. no matter what. 

its an era where many things around me are very distractive and i have to be cautious about this. if not i can't win. 

i really have to build this habit of siting for long time and increase my focus. if not i won't be able to increase my probabilty to truth seek and build something that i can be proud of 


also i will now need to divide things for me and build this habit. i will have to build internal tools that i can use. to grow my distribution - this involves writing more on linkedln and twiter and builidng internal tool for that. 


and really focus on few thing but do it right. this year is all about testing and breaking things. at its core builidng wealth and startup is all about dating ngl. you will have to fuck around a lot intially. just like how it is in dating and the chances will still be less but it will work for the 7th or 8th time. but the thing is in dating. the feedback loop is more stronger and quicker and also there is an internal drive to achieve this ie sex. 

also its less complex to talk to someoone about random stuff and build a realationship than it is to build startup and find solutions to problems. but the oveall rules are the same. 


i will have to work on two things 

1) build incentives for me that are similar to how strong sex is
2) do lots of experiment, learn and increase the iteration size so that one of those experiments work. 

so now there are just 2 main things that i think i should focus on 

1. build these two ideas and work on them. honestly -> video generation for indian audience seems cool and the edtech thing for iB seems cool too. more imporatnly i will have to spend a lot of time learning and understaanding these tech stalks and the product itself. 

2. second i will have to figure on the distribution of these. one is B2B and the other is pure B2C. so how do i find distribution moat will be cool 

the biggest hurdle will be 
1. learning the text to video thing and how do refine it and find data set and other things for that. 
2. learning how to build the UGC content for distribution 
3. understanding what ICP to target and how to target them and reach them 
4. for the text to video- cost might be a struggle so how do i figure that out will be interesting. 
5. idk how will i proceed but i will have to work my way out. 

these should be my goals for this quarter. 

i should finish both of these projects. while scaling the IB one and making some revenue - $500-$1000 

builidng the mvp of the video thing and figuring that out and atleast talking to 100 customers. 

builidng distribution for the the college essay reviewer. 


that's it  - 

now the major thing is "how do i divide my attention towards this" 

this is going to be fun - plus i want to make 4 reels like naveen as my side thing. 



My first priority should be understanding my ICP and their pain points 

refining this and writing this. just build for one ICP for each of these 3 things. 

just make sure atleast 100 customers (ICP) will be interested to pay money and you have reached your goal. that is ur success metric. if you do that - go on a small 2 day trip to pondi :)


see once i nail my product. its done. no more time to spend on it. once i make 6-7 UGC videos. i am done for the day.

the only thing that will be time consuming will be the text to video cinematic one. 

the goal seems simple:

i have 7 days a week and i will have to ruthlessly plan this. moreover i haven't accounted for exams and other stuff. so what about that.. 


honestly for the text to video - the odds are mainly against me. because that platform seems a super technical platform. however what i can do is to collect some money and fund that project 
- but first making sure i try to learn and build a mvp - talk to 100 customers.
- then if i see some traction then raise funds to build a better company. 
i can only give this 2 days a week. so a total of 32 days. 



my biggest priority  is to to build monetisable tool that makes me money. since i have seen some problems and gaps in this entire study america and Ib thing and its quite aspirational. so i want to experiement there and make some money there and see what happens. 

so this involves the IB thing and college essay thing. and see if i could make some money. the math is simple. i just need 100 paying customer. 

this year is for me of getting domain expertise and printing money. let me first build both of them and then i will take a call. don't decide everything right now only. 


also most importantly i see myself having this fomo that "oh he is builiding this. lets try that" or "or oh he is doing someting in payments lets do this"

but i will need to focus on one thing that i have some knowldege about. i can't just jump in because this other guy is making money. i can't work in half knowledge. 







