this year is about to end in 2 months and i haven't been productive from a long time.  i am just floating in this woven fabric of time. doing fifa and everything and not finding time for anything. 

#### sameeksha
yestday i met this girl who took me through my feet. she is lovely and has a really cute personality and looks damn pretty. altough idk anything about her values. its has just been a week since we have met and i have put her on pedestrial. a lot. she is 

i can't stop thinking about her. although i had enough skills (thanks to all thse years) that i made her come to a date. infact she lowkey brought that up.

nevethless. talking to her had made me more aware of my insecurities and weakness. Off all the girls who i have met first timers even shibani. i wasn't this excited to meet them. i rem keerthana too giving me these moments

this need of me to understnad and to seek clarity and cerntanity. now ik as a human i have this conditioning to seek clarity. which is very biological. which also makes sense because in the before times if there was uncertanity then that would mean danger but now i live in a quite comfortable word and this uncertanity shoudn't do shit to my life. 

she seems to have that very expressive pesonality and she looks absolute stunning. but i don't know her yet. idk about her past traumas, the way she fights and if she is also a good partner and does she likes communication. 

she seems pretty busy with her life though. she doesn't respond to text that fast. which i am assuming should be with most new people who she meets. 

why am i expecting so much from her. why do i want her so bad and why do i want to talk to her so much. i have to really understand that she ain't an angel with everything perfect. she has her own bag of problems that will become my problems too (if she becomes mine). i have to chill out and not take her seriously. i have to be patient and let time unfold it to me. i have played my cards well. pretty impressive btw. (i am proud of all my learnning till now)

but there is so much that is required for dating and everything. and idk shit about her so its not fair for me to get so obssessed. that's toxic of me to potray her as an idea figure. calm the fuck down viraj. Nthg special about her. 

i don't want to come from a place of desperation but rather abundance. i don't want to chase anyone. but rather attract people. and I am the prize and i should act like that. i have to be okay with letting her go and not being with me in order for me to truly attract her and make her fall for me. this means not overthinking. letting the cards unfold. because i am doing this from a desire of owning her and being as if my life is going to tumble down if she doesn't come to my life because honesly i can't force people to chooose me. they should choose me regardless of me wanting them to or not. so wtv i am doing from now for her. i should do it from this idea of abundance. that i have plenty and her not comming in my life won't reduce anything from my life. as if her coming was going to fill any void. 

idky  but i am feeling as if i dont want to wait. i want her all for myself without even looking inside the box and seeing if she has expiry date or not. i can't be rushing to early without knowing her value. values are the building pillars and if they are week the entire house will colapse soon.. let things unfold to you and have patience and live to embrace this chaos. 

SO PLS stop getting obbsessed and think from ur brain and be just curious about her. on what of person is she. adress ur insecurities of not being enough. if she deosn't seem iterested then she just lost the best person and not vice versa. 

 also entropy is eventually going to win. someday thigs will end maybe in 2 days or 2 yr or 1 month. entropy always win. so the end goal is eventually death. stop trying to prevent it and accept it and befrind with it. 

aand this is the first time where you acutally met who feels like your standard girls. ussually its something below or they just don't live nearby. so this is new to you and you are going to fuck up to build attraction since its a new environement for you. so sameeksha is just an experiment (the first one) with your type of girl. so take it as an experiement only. do 9 more such experiemnt and you will find someone of your type by 25. date her and marry by 28 :) 


but viraj is this a really good option. uncertanity is coming straight to you in a few months and i don't seem prepared. i am all messed up and trying on a new person means inviting more chaos in life. and more variability. so take sam as someone who was just a one week thing. you wanted to meet someone who validates your type. and you did. u went on a date with her and you won. you got what you wanted. you brough her flowers and you gave ur best. and thats done. don't add any value to it. if things were meant to happend and fate and shit. i lead her on but now i will just stop. and i will stop desiring about her. if she comes again after 2 yrs then try on her. 

sam did teach me something new. if my life is not grounded and if i am not happy and if my life is not interesting then lets say if an intersting girl comes in my life - it will make my life terrible and shattered. i always have to come from a place of abundace and be so okay with people walking away from life. not because i have done something or i am not enough but, more because the person itself is not sure about their life and they have their own problems to deal with. which is totally fine.

so viraj buckle up and first build a strong foundation of your own life then it doesn;t matter who comes in life. life is like a chess and you cant think about winning but just putting urself in a better place and a better position. thats all viraj 

also this is more of entrepreneurship too. i can try everything give my best but this will never garuntee anything. no one is gauranteeting that wtv i have done for sam will give me successs. but i will surely learn and get more self aware about my own self which should be the main goal. so just look at all thse things as just getting to know more about urself and your own deep insecurities and fear. winning and loosing shoudn't matter. 

expose urself to such scenairous to really get more self aware because that is the only thing that matters and should matter. even uk these moments aren't that worth while. our memory is that of a gold fish. we forget everything. i barely remember how i felt with antra or shibani now. except a few moments when i pass by them like how i did when i saw jain building yesterday 

so yeah viraj. at its core. not having the desire of it is the same as having it. because as kunal shah says that. we all put in so much efforts to make things predictable to only get bored of them later. 

## career 


NOW coming to the main thing. what do u want to do in lfe viraj:?????
your structure is pretty fucked up from a long time now. with this i can't go to america to study psych and meet different types of people and explore the world. i have to stop this instagram shit. too many people on instagram that i am getting involed with. i ain't even enjoying this fr. 

i have no structure for this moment. do u want to build this dating app or not? viraj and if no then what do u wnat to do viraj? if you wnat to build money early on then you will have to focus on this slow currency of wealth at the expense of realtionship. like fr. so be okay with that. 





