today i feel much calmer than yesterday. bayes theorum of conditional probabilty is helpful. there is this girl who i met and she made me obssesed with her. she seems nice and everything and looks like my vibe. someone who is self reliant and independant and she has her life going. after the first date. the vibe seems a bit off but i am assuming that's because she is busy with her exams and stuff or maybe she is having periods or there are a million other things that my brain can't stop thinkign about. there is uncertanity which is making my brain consider the worse case scenrious. now all of this is because my brain literally doesn't has other major probelm to solve. 

our brain is so complex and moody. it prioritzes uncertanity and loves to predict and find patterns. mainly because in the olden time we used to do to predict danger but now in the modern world considering ample of opportunities and almost no dangeri i think our brain should prevent that and just be OKAY. that is something that i should work on. - how to handle myslef when there are some things that are ambiqutious and uncertain.

nevertheless i calculated the conditional probaility to determine what are my chances with her and give the way how i asked her out and the initial context and how was out date. i think the only thing which i can't control is the physical attraction part

so assuming there is a 50% chaos that i can't control and there is 50% of chance for things to move forward since firt date either breaks or gives momentum for something to move forward. and lets say if she didn't wasn't that attracted with my looks. there is a 42% chance that this will move forward because i am very certain that she hasn't ever had anyone who has asked her in this way 

now the rest 50% chaos is her past, or if she is already seeing someone, or she is still not over her ex/ situtationship wtv or her family or her studies focus or her fear or her friends and a million other factors that i can't control. 

now this seems like a long feedback game. ideally i would like to wait for 2 months at its most to see where this is going but i sure shall have my plug in so that if she crosses this line then i can make a quick decision because i need some frame of reference to compare how good or bad this is. these plugs are 
3 strikes for late replies. if she takes more thann 48hrs to reply to me and does this 3 times then i will pull my plug. 

in these 2 months if things don't move forward with either converting to calls and to go on dates with her. if things are not moving forward to go on dates with her in these 2 months then i will pull the plug. life is too short to waste on someone who isn't sure about themself and how they communicate 

but I HAVE PLAYED my game pretty solid when it came to make her feel and there isn't anything more than i can really give. but i also have to rem that from now on i shouldn't think a lot. wtv i do with this girl i should just make sure i am avoiding stupid things such as 
1. making a move from insecurity 
   2 trying to chase her and getting obssesed - this means double texting, texting her everyday and every time
   or asking her why isn't she texting or just going all cold and treating her bad 

these long term feedback games are tricky. there is uncertanity since idk what is going to happend but my brain gets so stimulated in finding out and predicting. i repeat predicitng. but the only thing i can control are the inputs which is 

"how am i texting her, (not from obbsession or chasing her or like a creep and moving things forward to quick and deciding too early)"

she seems my vibe so i am giving her a max 2 months window. now many things in my life when it comes to entreprenuership will be in these domains. i will be trying out new things in the unkown that won't have faster feedback and i will try to always predict - because like any other human i am scared of failure and i want to win. but like many other things all these relationship and wealth games are that of probabiltity and these are long term feeback game. i can't get obssesed over the results and try to predict them because i am so attached to the end goal and have a strong desire. 

now there is only 42% chance that this will go forward considering entropy. so lets see. i have placed my plug in too and if she crosses these plug in then  i will move before the 2 months period. but lets say we do talk and vibe but nothing moves forward with dates then i will still pull the plugin. 

at the end nothing is that special. she is just a girl with a pretty face (which will fade away) and a personalty and when all these harmones dissapear then i will have to deal with the real stuff (which gets boring ) and also these desires only will improve. 


so my moto is just to give her value and be approachive for these 2 months and not expect anything in return. but this can should be very subconscious and i can't be taking a lot of time of my schedule to think about her. 

also i should just observe and not think. she didn't reply back from a day - is just a fact: nothing about it. but if i think that oh she didn't reply. this means that she doesn't like me or she aint interested is thinking. 

i think i have reached a stage where i can pull myself away from a bad situation and not go too deep inside it like sanjit. ik if things don't move foward in 2 months then they never will and i should just leave it and move on. because it really won;t chnage anything from life is i get her or i don't get. as naval says. not having the desire for something and having that something is the same thing. so if i get her or if i don't have the desire its the same thing. 

but i should have the desire to BUILD A SERIOUS THING IN BLR. i only have 1.5yr left and soon chaos is going to come in banging and wiill LITERALY SWEEP MY LIFE AWAY soon. AND I SHUOLD POSITION MYSeLF . 
because with people, chaos almost wins. either chaos will hit us in these 2 months or 2yrs but it surely will but with wealth. its less chaotic. and its more permanent and pls start playing these long term games now viraj. its a high time. people are going to drift apart everytime. no point in having desire to be with someone. if they align with your future and fate then take care of them and let it be an honour. but no point in having any strong desire. so yeah. 

pls find a goal to chase and remember PEOPLE CAN NEVER BE SOMETHING YOU SHOULD DESIRE TO CHASE. just try to give as much as you can to people. talk to people as much as you can and 1/10 will surely be part of your life and you honeslly need just 1 person. doesn't matter if you had 99 people who falled before. 

but with her. try to play the attaction game and learn how to have patience. with thse long term feedback game. patience is imp. patieence to be in the game for long enough and 2 monhts is a good long time. don't try to predict anything or chase certanity, just give, be curious about peopoe and approach. but sure if they hit these plug in then leave. you have strong indicators. but unless that happens. let go of all there behaviours because people are seriously fucked up. 

with that anushka, she gave me a strong indicator that doesn't like me so i didn't purse her. even with janhavi, i got an indicator that i wont get along with her even when we did vibe on calls and talking to her felt effortless. but usually in my experince. time is a good indicator of people and it always tell the truth. especially when people are so vauge everytime and so fucked up at its core. 


even with entrepreniurship i will have to see how to deal with its uncertanity and get good at it. if not i will never be an entrepreneur.  i will need optimism and high self confidnce unless there is a strong indicitor that this just wont work out, similarly with how it is with these girls who i will talk. because ik that pretty girls who are independatnt are hard to get. they won't come in that easily. you will to be optimistic though but at the same time be pragmatic and if you get strong feedback that this girl just aint intersted or this idea just won't work because you got a stong feedback from the market then you are just being foolish since there are a a million other opportunuty that you might be missing out on if you dont pivot. 

but you also need to be good at starting things over and over again. with partners and with the wealth. that's where the fun is too. 