viraj viraj what are we doing with life. you seem less excited nowadys and this year is about to end. i have found a nice idea about matchmaking but i have to do something about it. 

lately i have been feeling ambitionless. there are many things that i haven't reached yet. but i have reached a fair bit of stuff that i always wanted. although it still feels like i have gotten lucky. especially with these new earphpnes, iphone, mac and airpods and shoes and then for a good amount of time i also wanted a girlfrind and wanted to have sex too. and i got that too.

i also have a good decent body now. which is way better than last year and way way better than in 2023.  but the more i get these things, i  realise that. most of these things are temporrary. they say that life should be lived of experience but i have had almost all the experince (most of them were about getting girls ) and i have lived most of them but all of tehm are transient.  i dated shibu, and then we broke up, there were other girls who i tried on and i have trained myself good to increase the probabilty of getting a girl which was way less before(in 2023)
but still now they all seem fine. 

but i still haven't done the things that i have dreamt about. - career: i always wanted to go to america which didn't happen, my way of living(fantasising a lot  espeically during listetning to songs to make certain people jealous ) that hasn't left yet and due to which i don't even live in the moment anymore. 
also the real reason i came to blr was to build something in entrpreneurhsip and atelast tell entire blr of who VIRAJ is and rise up in this ecosystem. that too hasn't seen any development from a long time. 

i have achieved a fair bit of goals that i lowkey dreamt of (body, getting good with girls) but i didn't get the main crux of what i wanted and also i have become misserable when to smoking and fantasizing. although i am pretty proud that i let go of shibu and not even sameeksha. i didn't dream about them. i have gotten better with dealing with breakups and letting go of people from my life. 

i also never chased friendship. yet i have some good friends out there. with frienship i have realised the more independant i am and the more i jsut radiate my energy to people. peolple who truly want me will come and choose me. but i am also glad that i never chased anyone to get validation when it comes to being friends. 

i also realised a lot about relationships and about attachment and about this relation ship games. peterson surely helped me a lot when it comes to this. 



but but but 

the maain thing :::::

i have just 1.5 yrs left and i have to figuure out life. make atleast 50k a month (just for me to survive) and i have to build something in these 1.5 yr. 

i am going to enter a creative role of being an entrepreneur and that requires a lot of luck. and you know how hard it is to just convince a girl to stay with you or to like her so imagine playing at a high level of chaos (such as building an entire company)

so what about this. it is a purely a probability  game and i will need to increase my no of experiments just to make sure i win. so in these 1.5 yr what do i do to atleast place my chance of entering the 10cr club. 

i really have to buckle up .  my time is ticking and i am playing a game of entreprenship which has very high entropy and chaos. so now that you have tried everything that you every wanted. dating, sex, alc, fifa1, fifa2, got all these iphones and apple ecosystem, shoes, roomates, a good place to live, access to good food. good health and good fashion and good looks. 

and these things are going to stay constant for thee next 1.5 yrs. viraj you shuould now buckle up and no go all in for what you came blr for. now you are coming from a place of abundance and not fomo. i have had lived almost all the moments that most people still haven't and i cant be in fomo. now i have to play this wealth game atleast for 2-3yrs and take a break and then sprint again. i will have to start hunting now and build leverage. 

when i say start building this wealth game. i should start with building leverage now. 
social leverarge, skills leverage and people leverga and actually build something useful . i have already though about the matchmaker app which seems pretty solid. so yeah lets do this. 


now all of this comes from a schedule and just executing this schedule for 52 weeks and i am good to go. for this year i just have now 8 weeks left. so i will have to do this for 8 weeks and lets see. 

so now just focus on 2 things
1. trying to remove this part of you that always fantasizes about a things and not living in the moment.. 
2. you don't have time and you should build in these 1.5yr and come in the 10cr club. because i wnat to solve this money game fast. i dont want to play this game all my life. and i have found how much i liked entrepreneurship. 

thatts it. now you just have to dream about how will you be able to 
1. study a good course with good people and in a very good city in (mba or psych in columbia)
and for that you will need some money - 10cr club would be fine. and thats it. these are your goals for the next 5 yrs. build something good and explore the world to study something that you always wanted to study